
You would never guess what can happen when you jump into a seemingly shallow puddle at night time!
It turns out that it is not a puddle rather than a giant hole which brings you to a new world on the other side of the light water.
Now you are left stunning and don't know what to do.
So you decide to call Whoolio who lives in Never Never land.
You can't believe your eyes. There are magical creatures of all shapes and sizes in all directions!
You tried to walk, but your body was not listening to you and it was very difficult to make a step
So you reached out your arm as far as it would go to see if you coud touch a creature.
Just as you are about to touch one of the creatures the world around you suddenly shatters like a glass pane.
And that's when you realise that the world you've been living in has been made of marshmallows all along
That's the moment when you take your first bite into the soft and sweet world around you.
It tastes like... To your surprise, what should've been a soft sweet bite of marshmallow turned out to sting 
with ghost pepper like spiciness.
The sharpness of ghost pepper expressed in thoughts would result in following wild flow of thoughts:
Allons enfants de la Patrie,
Le jour de gloire est arrivé!
Contre nous de la tyrannie
L’étendard sanglant est levé. (2×)
Entendez-vous dans les campagnes
Mugir ces féroces soldats?
Ils viennent jusque dans vos bras
Égorger vos fils, vos compagnes.
"Where do these verses come from!?" you ask yourself, as it occurs to you that you don't know any French. "There must be some explanaton for this sudden outburst of bilingualism, so far unknown to me".
And after all those thoughts of ours, you realised you are flying high with bunch of stoned dwarfs.
You think to yourself "What a strange effect." And proceed to drink a glass of milk.
Thankfully, the milk has been spiked with disinfectant which allows sunlight to penetrate into your body. 
The strange brew then causes your body to clone itself into two yous!  Bit-by-bit and byte-by-byte your entire is duplicated beside you.
Except, it seems to be a younger, better looking version of yourself.
Just one thought arrowed my head in that moment - "My clone... is it friend or enemy?"
If it is my enemy, I must keep them close!
And with this thought in mind, I knew there was only one way to do this.
It was going to be necessary to vomit the milk. 
Unfortunately it wasn't a good day.
However the day was not over for it is in the nature of humanity to search tenaciously for a beam of optimism in these times of chaos
And so i was, sitting in Never Land, thinking if milk was the cause of my
problems, or if i was just making it all up in my head..so I grabbed my
backpack, stood up and...
